Draco Malfoy is Harry Potter's cousin.
Dumbledore personally delivers Harry’s Hogwarts letter.
Platform Nine is where students access the Hogwarts Express.
Minerva McGonagall is the Potions teacher at Hogwarts.
A giant spider guards the Sorcerer's Stone.
Ollivanders is the bank where wizards store their money.
Harry plays as a Chaser on his Quidditch team.
Gilderoy Lockhart is the headmaster of Hogwarts.
Ron’s pet rat is named Fang.
Harry Potter is sorted into Slytherin.
Alohomora is the spell used to make objects levitate.
Grindelwald is known as 'He Who Must Not Be Named'.
Madam Pomfrey is the librarian at Hogwarts.
The Pensieve shows a person their deepest desire.
Boggart is the name of the magical sport played on broomsticks.
Fluffy is the name of Hagrid’s pet dragon.
Expelliarmus is the spell used to unlock doors.
Hagrid is the caretaker of Hogwarts.
The Goblet of Fire sorts students into Hogwarts houses.
Professor Flitwick teaches Herbology at Hogwarts.
Harry's aunt is named Marjorie.
Obliviate is the spell used to disarm someone.
Hagrid gives Harry his first broomstick.
The Dursleys live on Diagon Alley.
Harry’s owl is brown.
Snuffles is the name of the three-headed dog.
The Three Broomsticks is the pub leading to Diagon Alley.
Florean Fortescue owns the wand shop in Diagon Alley.
Harry’s wand is made from oak wood.
Harry's wand has a dragon heartstring core.
Professor Snape teaches Transfiguration at Hogwarts.
Professor McGonagall can transform into an owl.
Harry's first friend at Hogwarts is Draco Malfoy.
The Mirror of Truth shows a person their desires.
Professor Snape teaches Defense Against the Dark Arts.
Hermione’s pet is an owl.
Harry's Patronus takes the form of an owl.
Harry begins Hogwarts in his second year.
Draco Malfoy is sorted into Ravenclaw.
The Grey Lady is the ghost of Gryffindor House.
A clock is used to keep time in wizard chess.
Lumos is used to extinguish light.
Godric Gryffindor is the founder of Slytherin House.
Levicorpus is the spell used to make objects float.
Professor Sprout teaches Charms at Hogwarts.
The eagle is on the Gryffindor emblem.
Hermione's last name is Brown.
Fred Weasley is the leader of the Gryffindor Quidditch team.
Hagrid lives in the castle.
Nox is the spell used to create fire.
Lockhart is Harry's first Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.
Harry's eyes are brown.
Dumbledore’s beard is black.
Non-magical people are called No-majs.
Ron’s pet rat is a magical creature.
Harry attends Beauxbatons.
Lucius Malfoy kills Lily and James Potter.
Harry's mother's name is Petunia.
Harry and his friends protect the Chamber of Secrets.
Dobby gives Harry his first birthday cake.
Obliviate is the spell used to produce light.
Sirius takes Harry shopping for school supplies.
Harry's best friend is Neville Longbottom.
Hermione's wand has a phoenix feather core.
Riddikulus is the spell that erases memories.
Hagrid borrows a motorcycle from Arthur Weasley.
Bertie Bott's Beans come in fruity flavors.
Hagrid gives Harry a broomstick for his birthday.
Non-wizards are known as Squibs.
A Hippogriff is part lion and part eagle.
Pomona Sprout is the head of Slytherin House.
Sirius saves Harry from the Dursleys.
Harry is best known for his skill in Potions.
A rabbit is the animal that turns into a Patronus.
Filius Flitwick is the Potions Master at Hogwarts.
The Sorting Hat is a wizard.
Snape is the owner of Fang the dog.
A Quaffle is used in the game of Gobstones.
Bludgers are used in Wizard's Chess.
House-elves are often sent Howlers.
Filch is the gamekeeper at Hogwarts.
Fang is a snake.
Platform Nine is used for the Hogwarts Express.
Incendio is used to extinguish fire.
Madam Pince is the school nurse.
Nearly Headless Nick is the Hufflepuff ghost.
Accio is the spell that creates light.
Buckbeak is a Thestral.
Percy is the youngest Weasley son.
Aurors are responsible for healing wizards.
Harry uses a wand to kill the Basilisk.
Salazar Slytherin is the founder of Gryffindor House.
A Bezoar is a type of dragon.
Ron’s wand breaks during a Quidditch match.
Protego is the spell used to unlock doors.
Expelliarmus is the charm that creates light.
Harry’s father’s name is Lily.
Dumbledore’s pet is named Norbert.
Felix Felicis is used to heal injuries.
Hermione Granger owns Hedwig.
